Problem 11.	Programming Languages
*	Perform a research (e.g. in Google or Wikipedia) and provide a short list with information about the most popular programming languages. How similar are they to C#? How do they differ from C#?

Programming Languages You Should Learn Right Now (source: http://mashable.com/2014/01/21/learn-programming-languages/)

1. Java

Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language developed by Sun Microsystems in the 1990s. It's a standard for enterprise software, web-based content, games and mobile applications, as well as the Android operating system. Java is designed to work across multiple software platforms, meaning a program written on Mac OS X, for example, could also run on Windows. 
Both C# and Java drew from the C/C++ (and Objective C, and others) to define their syntax. And both languages are compiled to an intermediate language.
 
 2. C
 
A general-purpose, imperative programming language developed in the early '70s, C is the oldest and most widely used language, providing the building blocks for other popular languages, such as C#, Java, JavaScript and Python. C is mostly used for implementing operating systems and embedded applications. 
C is a relatively small language (in terms of keywords etc.) and does not support object oriented code. C# syntactically carries forward a lot of what programmers are used to if from the C programming language.

3. C++

C++ was originally designed to enhance the C language. It allows for highly controlled object oriented code. It's used to develop systems software, application software, high-performance server and client applications and video games.
C# builds on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime. The language features that are new to C# are garbage collection, properties, foreach loops, and interfaces.

4. Objective-C

Objective-C is a general-purpose, object-oriented programming language used by the Apple operating system, while C# is useful for Microsoft oriented applications. One of the best parts of Objective-C is the dynamic nature — rather than calling methods, you send messages, which the runtime routes dynamically.

5. PHP

PHP (Hypertext Processor) is a free, server-side scripting language designed for dynamic websites and app development. It can be directly embedded into an HTML source document rather than an external file, which has made it a popular programming language for web developers.
The huge difference between PHP and C# is that PHP is a dynamic and interpreted language - no compiler is used and when something goes wrong debugging is difficult.